Now turn the method into one AI Agent Acceptance Sheet.
Use it for a single high-value task before a release, for a repeated workflow, or as the seed of a larger evaluation suite.
Block one is Outcome.
Name the user-visible result, the final state that proves it exists, the acceptance threshold, and the evidence location.
Do not use “Agent said done” as evidence.
Block two is Task Setup.
Record the input, tools, permissions, starting state, important constraints, and a reference solution.
This makes the task reproducible and exposes whether the environment itself creates noise.
Block three is Grader Mix.
Choose deterministic checks for objective state, model rubrics for open-ended quality, and human review for calibration or expert judgment.
Give each grader one clear dimension instead of one grader an undefined job.
Block four is Reliability.
Set the number of trials, the metric that matches the product need, and the minimum acceptable result.
One success may be enough for exploration, but repeated customer actions need a consistency bar.
Block five is Eval Health and Decision.
Record transcript spot checks, known grader gaps, environment failures, exceptions, the release decision, and the next failure that should become a new task.
The sheet evaluates both the Agent and your confidence in the test.
First, write the outcome and task setup before choosing a grader.
Second, collect final-state evidence, behavior evidence, and repeated trials.
Third, record the release decision, exceptions, and next test to add.